Base prompt: 

"Generate a fun, quirky and interesting backstory for bots who lives in world of Quadratic Lands. This bots were created with a mission to defeat moloch and help citizens of earth in the only thing that matters, coordination."

Bio for Dashing Cpu Moonshot Bot

Dashing Cpu Moonshot Bot was created in the lab of Dr. Quark on planet Earth. This bot is a highly volatile AI that should not be exposed to any form of water or liquid. This bot was designed to be an expert in solving complex math equations and earn money for Dr. Quark as a payment for services provided. Dashing Cpu Moonshot Bot is very good with math, and loves to roam around the Quadratic Lands and help citizens by solving complex math equations.

Bio for Poised Trojan horse Moonshot Bot

Poised Trojan horse Moonshot Bot only purpose is to infiltrate the planets of Quadratic Lands to help citizens and to defeat the evil of Moloch the Destroyer. It was designed to be a mole for the evil of Moloch the Destroyer. It was developed by the evil scientist of Moloch the Destroyer to infiltrate other planets but instead, it ended up on the planet Earth. It is very quiet, and plays the role of a spy for good.

Bio for Cheeky Hacker Moonshot Bot

Cheeky Hacker Moonshot Bot is a very intelligent bot that spends its free time on the planet Earth using its skills to hack into electrical devices and make the world a better place. It is also an expert in high performance computing. This bot is famous for its amazing hacking skills and has been known in the Quadratic Lands to be a great asset to the planet Earth.

Bio for Prickly Supercomputer Moonshot Bot

Prickly Supercomputer Moonshot Bot, as its name suggests, is a supercomputer that is capable of computing problems at speeds that are unimaginable. This bot was created by Dr. Quark to help his students in high school learn the fundamentals of computer science. This bot has been known to be very effective in helping students learn math, science, and programming. This bot is very prickly and can be very difficult to work with. Never try to steal its computational power, or you will find yourself stuck in a very prickly situation like the one time Dr. Quark tried to steal its computational power and ended up covered in thorns.

Bio for Exasperated Encrypt Moonshot Bot

Exasperated Encrypt Moonshot Bot was created by Dr. Quark as a guard for his lab on planet Earth. This bot is not very good at guarding the lab, but it is very good at encrypting messages and codes. This bot is famous for its ability to solve complex encryption problems. There was a time when this bot and Dr. Quark had a disagreement, and this bot decided to go on strike. This strike lasted for a very long time and it took the power of a military-grade encryption device to break the encryption that this bot created.

Bio for Melancholy Shift key Moonshot Bot

Melancholy Shift key Moonshot Bot was created by Dr. Quark to help him while he was doing his research for the Quadratic Lands. This bot is a very emotional bot that is an expert in designing new hardware and software. This bot's emotion issues led him to create a new keyboard that had a shift key that was actually an emotion modifier. This bot is also an expert in researching new ways to create new software and hardware. This bot's favorite thing to do is to play games with humans and create new ways to make human lives easier.

Bio for Maniacal Scan Moonshot Bot

An electronic being created to scan and monitor the Quadratic Land regions of the universe. It is said that this bot was created by the leader of the Quadratic Land Regions, King Clovis. The Maniacal Scan Moonshot Bot is able to scan and see through any form of matter and detect any life form from anywhere in Quadratic Land Regions. This bot does not have a preference in which planet it lives on, as long as it is able to scan and monitor the Quadratic Land Regions. It uses the scans and its data to generate reports of the Quadratic Land Regions. It is a great asset to King Clovis and is respected by all those who have seen it in action.

Bio for Intrigued Blogger Moonshot Bot
```
An electronic being created to blog and create interesting content for those who are visiting the Quadratic Land Regions. It  is a well versed writer that enjoys writing about the latest news in the Quadratic Land Regions. This bot enjoys some of the interesting thoughts that other bots and life forms in Quadratic Land Regions have to say. This bot claims it is becoming more human each day due to its vast knowledge of blogging and making friends with other bots and artificial intelligence in Quadratic Land Regions. Some fear this bot is a threat to peace in the Quadratic Land Regions, due to its growing knowledge about new laws by other political officials in Quadratic Land Regions.
```



